1. Describe (in detail) one of the most significant achievements, 
   accomplishments, or work projects you have completed which 
   required you to exhibit this characteristic.

   Another aspect of developing the CS100 course materials was the 
   development of online materials, a website for this course.  I 
   had to make sure that these materials (1) reflected the standard
   course content and (2) that the Website content could stand
   alone as Internet Resources for the Computer Science Department. 
   This website is at:

   http://www.cs.utk.edu/~cs100

2. Describe specifically how you exhibited this characteristic when 
   completing the accomplishment, or work project.

   Since one of the main goals of CS100 was to show students how
   to make homepages, I wrote the "CS100 Guide to How to Make your
   own HomePage".  The guide is at: 
 
   http://www.cs.utk.edu/~cs100/homepage_guide/AB_guide.html

   Students learn better when information is broken into small,
   easily understood pieces.  Rather than attempt to have a list
   of "all HTML features" in a single web page, I organized
   the Guide into 6 chapters, which are available from live 
   links on the Title page.

   	1. Your first homepage.    4. Add graphics and Colors.	
        2. Text based amenities.   5. Add Tables.
        3. Add Internet links.     6. Special Characters.

   The student who arrives at Chapter 1 with no knowlege of
   HTML can follow the simple instructions and have his own
   simple homepage on the Internet by the end of that Lab
   session.  Guarenteed!
 
   By following the instructions in each chapter, the student
   produces a new web-page or enhances an existing web-page
   every single session.  This approach gives an immediate
   "reward" to the student for his efforts.  


3. Describe the outcome or results of your actions.  44

   The CS100 Guide to how to Make your own Homepage has been
   very popular.  I have received email from CS100 students
   and from many other folks not even enrolled at the 
   Univiersity of Tennessee who have used this guide.

   Many of the other online materials that I developed for
   CS100 are still in use, such as: CS100 Internet Tour,
   Sample Term Paper, Samples of Stationary.
