1. Describe (in detail) one of the most significant achievements, accomplishments, or 
   work projects you have completed which required you to exhibit this characteristic.

   I built the automated administrative tools for the course CS100.

   This includes: attendance sheets, grade sheets, and automated production
   of a "homepage" for each CS100 Lab section.

   Each semester the UTK administration sends class rolls (paper copy and 
   electronic copy) to each department organized by class and section number.  
   This is a simple text listing of student name and social security number.  
   Because of the social security number, direct use of class rolls is prohibited.

   The first semester CS100 had 14 students in one section.  I performed these tasks 
   by hand.  By the second semester, CS100 had over 120 students in 4 sections and I
   used a xerox machine to make attendance sheets.  This was not satisfactory so I
   began looking for a computerized method for converting the electronic copy of 
   class rolls into useful attendance sheets.

   Another problem was that students would be assigned to one lab and attend another.
   We needed to keep track of out-of-section attendance for grading purposes. 

2. Describe specifically how you exhibited this characteristic when completing
   the accomplishment, or work project.
 
   I searched the library and bookstores and finally discovered a book about the
   AWK language.  This is a lightweight scripting tool developed for simple text
   transformations.  Over the Christmas break, I taught myself AWK and wrote 
   automated scripts to create attendance sheets for each section, grading sheets
   for each section, and write an HTML page for each section that contained
   active Internet links to each student's yet-to-be-created homepage.

3. Describe the outcome or results of your actions. 

   The automatic creation of the administrative sheets saved much time, effort,
   and drudgery.  Attendance sheets had a portion at the bottom to take care of 
   out-of-section attendance, solving that problem.

   Another benefit was that the creation of a homepage for each section allowed 
   Dr. Straight to easily show student homepages to the head of the CS Department.

   These awk scripts are still in use for CS100.  






page7
