1. Describe (in detail) one of the most significant achievements, accomplishments, or 
   work projects you have completed which required you to exhibit this characteristic.

   When I began my master's project, PacketBuilder, I knew I wanted to write it in
   the Java Language.  But at that time, January 1998, the Java Language was in
   flux.  The Computer Science Department at UTK supported Java 1.0.  But on the
   Internet (http://JAVA.SUN.COM), I learned that a Java 1.1 was available and
   Java 1.2 was on the way.  I could have downloaded a free copy of the latest Java
   from JAVA.SUN.COM, but there had been recent "virus" scares, so I purchased a
   text that explained Java 1.2 and installed the accompanying disk on my
   Windows95 computer at home.  Having the text was a great help, since I basically
   had to relearn Java due to all of the changes.

   This was a significant decision, because by working on an isolated system at 
   my home, I protected my project from all of the ups-and-downs that happened to
   Java on the CSUTK computer system.  A new Java update seemed to be arriving
   each month, had to be installed, and then the bug reports would come in.

   By the time I finished my thesis, the department had gone from Java 1.0 to 
   Java 1.6 in many bumpy steps.

2. Describe specifically how you exhibited this characteristic when completing
   the accomplishment, or work project.

   The Java 1.2 that I installed at home was not the "latest" Java, but it had
   more features than Java 1.0 and all of these features worked flawlessly.
   By keeping my project in a stable environment, I was able to develop the
   code without interruptions brought in by system changes.  When my project
   was finished, I ported it to my home area on the CSUTK computer system
   where it worked perfectly.

3. Describe the outcome or results of your actions. 

   My thesis project, PacketBuilder, was approved and I graduated in August 1998. 

   I don't know if I would have finished on schedule if I had had to deal with
   6 different installations of Java while writing complex code.







page10
