1. Describe (in detail) one of the most significant achievements, accomplishments, or
   work projects you have completed which required you to exhibit this characteristic.

   Starting in the summer semester 1996, I helped with the development of course 
   materials for the introductory computer science course CS100.  One of the most 
   important facets of this work was to create "handouts" for students in this 
   course.  These handouts had to reflect subject matter of the course so students 
   could prepare for examinations.  Plus there had to be both a continuity of 
   content to avoid repetetition, and a continuity of style to avoid "choppy 
   reading" when the students reviewed handouts for the entire semester.  

   The notes were complimented with "programming exercises" to be done in the 
   CS100 Lab each Wednesday.  I created the Lab exercises each week. 

2. Describe specifically how you exhibited this characteristic when 
   completing the accomplishment, or work project.

   To create the "content" of the handouts, I attended the lectures and took 
   detailed notes.  I would pass out the student handouts from the previous class 
   before Dr. Straight gave his lecture.  Lectures were every Tuesday and Thursday, 
   I assisted in the Lab all day on Wednesday, wrote and tested the Lab exercises 
   each week, so it was a fairly tight schedule to produce the handouts.

   To ensure "continuity of style", I made a template at the beginning of the 
   semester of an "ideal lab handout" and followed this throughout. 
    
   To make sure the Lab programming exercises worked correctly, I tried to stay a 
   week ahead and test the programs extensively.  To make sure the Lab programming 
   exercises made sense, I solicited comments from students at each Wednesday Lab 
   meeting.  When something did not work or did not make sense, I changed it, tested 
   it, and asked the students about it again. 

3. Describe the outcome or results of your actions. 

   The handouts became the basis of the CS100 Lab Manual, over 100 pages long, which 
   I wrote over the course of the next year.   The CS100 Manual that I wrote is still 
   in use, slightly revised to reflect course updates, but the format and style that 
   I developed have remained intact.  Since 1996 when the CS100 Lab Manual was 
   published, over 1500 students have completed this course.  

   The CS100 Lab exercises that I created for the weekly Lab meetings are still in 
   use with almost no changes.







page5
