1. Describe (in detail) one of the most significant achievements, accomplishments, or 
   work projects you have completed which required you to exhibit this characteristic.

   In Spring 1998, I was one of 2 teaching assistants for the course CS360.  
   This is a course about the Unix Operating System and each week each student
   must submit all of the programs he has written to complete the lab requirements.
   The submission must be made via email.

   Since there were up to 12 program files to be submitted by a total of up
   to 24 students in each Lab Section, having the files submitted on an
   individual basis would have been an email nightmare.

   I took an existing perl script for program submission and rewrote it to
   fulfill the needs of the CS360 course.  I revised a second script for use
   by the teaching assistants to "unpack" the email files.

2. Describe specifically how you exhibited this characteristic when completing
   the accomplishment, or work project.

   First, I had to learn some perl, a scripting language like AWK. 

   The existing perl script for submit would compress the files into a 
   single "tar" file and then automatically email them to the person
   who wrote the original script.  That automatic email address had to be
   fixed so the tar file would go to the correct teaching assistant.  

   The existing perl script for unpack merely unpacked the file to whatever
   directory that you were in.  I wanted something a little more automatic,
   so I did the following.
      1. Added code to the submit program to have a phrase at the
         top of the email message including the student name and 
         the 360 Lab Number. ( Since late labs were accepted, so your
         email could include labs from several different weeks. )
      2. Added code to the unpack program to create a directory keyed
         to student name and 360 Lab Number.
      3. Added code to the unpack program that automatically sent an
         email message to the student saying that "Your 360 Lab N has
         been received."

3. Describe the outcome or results of your actions. 

      It was much easier to receive and grade the labs.


	





page8
