

                                            July 31, 1997



Dear Susan,

You sounded very busy and upbeat in your letter!  Which I take as a very
healthy sign.  I am glad to hear that you have a parole hearing date!
I continue to feel very positive about your chances.  Please send anything
and everything you would like for me to review.  I find it amusing that
you consider me a "non-radical test".  I still doubt that you fully
realize how poles apart we are...  

You should have received some postcards from me mailed from Edisto 
Beach State Park, which is very famous for its fossils, especially
sharks teeth.  Edisto is a barrier island about 30 air miles south of
Charleston, South Carolina.  The island sit on a soft limestone strata
that is about 20 million years old.  As the barrier island erodes, the
fossils are washed ashore.  I love to hike along the beach and beachcomb.
Each day, I progressively hiked farther and farther north, crossing
several inlets.  The islands to the north are uninhabited and it is
possible to more or less get away from humanity.  Of course, you can
see shrimp boats out at sea and houses inland across the salt marsh.
Yet, it is like being on the proverbial desert isle and I think you would
like it.  There were thousands of nesting terns and in the marsh you
could see herrons and cranes.  The beach is almost littered with sea 
shells which are in great abundance.  I have enclosed a very small
shell for you.  Inspite of being tiny, it is very beautiful.  I doubt
that you will "hear the waves" if you hold it up to your ear.  But it
will give you something to daydream about.

Perhaps some day, we will stroll along the beach together and talk...

While beachcombing, I found numerous fossils, few of which were of much
interest.  However, I did find a toe bone which turned out to be a major
discovery.  It was the middle toe from a "three toed horse" (nannippus).
This horse was only two feet tall and did not have hoves.  It is long
extinct.  The bone is now in a museum in South Carolina.

I have some more magazines to mail, which I will do in a day or two.

Do you have a birthday????  You know, people that have birthdays get
presents.  Or has turning 40 made you too old for birthdays? 

Your friend,



