                                                 May 7, 1998



Dear Susan,

I just finished the semester from hell...

I have been averaging 50-70 hours a week writing computer programs for
CS560.  In this course, you write a compiler.  This is a program that
runs other programs.  I came soooo close to burn out!  So now I sit and
wait for my grade (and provide offerings to the gods in hopes of getting
at least a B).  My thesis continues to go well.

I am so far behind in my correspondence that most people probably think
I dead, or something.  In fact, I am far behind in everything.  It will 
take all summer to catch up. 

Your life continues to read like a classic Greek tragidy.  I should
look up Susan in Greek and simply call you that.  On the brighter side,
you now know exactly where you stand.  The use of unsubstantiated rumor
and gossip in the parole process is absolutely not correct.  I hope that
your appeal will succeed!

Have you ever considered writing a book about your life??  Unfortunately,
your life is rather interesting.

I mailed you a box of magazines last week and I will mail more soon.  
I think I have a fairly tall stack to mail.  Now that I have returned 
back to the real world, I promise to write more often.

I toured the White House the Sunday night after Christmas.  I had never
been inside.  It was interesting.  One of the White House interns shoved
by me, so I got rather close look at a 5'10' blond with big boobs and a
knock out figure.  I later saw her on TV when she was questioned by Ken
Starr.

I also revisited various other sights in D.C.  It had been 33 years since 
I had been up in Washington Monument.  They do not let you walk up any 
more, for fear that you will have a heart attack.  I hate such silly 
rules.

Chelsea Clinton stepped back into me at the National Gallery of Art.
At first I thought it just was some coed.  I got a face full of her hair
and full body contact ... everybody say that I am lucky that the Secret 
Service didn't flat out shoot me!  For what it is worth, her hair smells 
like hair mouse (moose?).

Bill

