                                         October 21, 1997


Dear Susan,

Here are some more magazines.

I have not received a copy of your parole application.  I presume everything
is going well and the hearing is still scheduled for October?  As I have
previously stated, I remain very optimistic that parole will be granted.
(I actually wrote this letter two days ago.  Your letter came today.  So,
I'll add a few things.  It is too bad that you have to wait until January, but
at least the show in on the road.  No fair getting uptight.  If you are
paroled, your life will be better, and if not, things will not be any
worse.  You will still have your schooling to keep you very busy.)

Summer school went very well.  I received an A in both courses, so I should
not complain, but I swear I will never go to summer school again.  I do not
like a short, crammed-together semester.  I have started my thesis.  Simply
put, I am testing about a half dozen ways to speed up the data reduction of
medical PET (positron emission tomography) scans.  I am also taking one
course, computer architecture, in which I got a rock solid B on the first
exam.

My dad attended a reunion, which was held near the Great Smoky Mountains,
of his old Navy outfit from the Philippines.  So I also went up to the reunion.
It was amazing to see all of these people from 40 years ago in my life.  I even
met my 6th grade teacher.  It was interesting to realize that I have become my 
father.  My mother died 20 years ago in 1977.  My dad eventually remarried.
My sister (Donna) and I have never really gotten along with our stepmother
(Ethel).  But Ethel has mellowed out over the past couple of years, so the 
reunion went very well.  

We have tropical fish and my bettas produced babies twice this summer.  I breed
a male who is primarily red with a touch of blue to a female who has a pink
body and red fins.  The kitchen counter has been turned into a baby fish
nursery.  The betta is also known as the Siamese fighting fish.  I have
enclosed a picture of one of my males, who is named Vince.  He has a purple
body and purple and white fins. I also have two males and three females that
are turqouise.  I plan to breed them next summer.

(There has been a lot of news.  I absolutely do not give a damn about
royalty, but Princess Diana's death was a surprize.  Consider:  you, alive
in Danbury, are far better off than Diana is now.  VP Gore is loosing
popularity in Tennessee because of this campaign finance mess, but I
doubt that the rest of the country really cares either way.  I am very
pro space exploration.  I have enjoyed doing a daily tour of the Pathfinder
homepage on the internet and seeing the latest pictures from Mars.)

Your birthday is?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

Your friend,



Bill
