

                                              September 23, 1996



Dear Ms. Rosenberg,

Today is the first day of fall.  To someone raised, as I was, in Southern
California and the South Pacific, the autumn colors of the eastern forest
are amazing.  It is by far my favorite time of the year.  As for winter, I
was fourteen years old before I first saw snow and it does little for me,
for I far prefer to be warm.  At least spring follows winter.  I love to
photograph the fantastic spring wildflower displays of the Southern
Highlands.  The most beautiful mountain in the East, Roan Mountain, lies
on the Tennessee/ North Carolina border.  Usually enshrouded in mist, it
is about 6000 feet high, the top of which is a great natural grassy "bald"
with over six hundred acres of flame azaleas and catawba rhododendron.
Under separate cover, I have mailed you a 20" by 30" photograph taken on
Roan Mountain.  It shows the rhododendron in full bloom.

In all fairness, I should tell you something about myself.  I was born
on June 26, 1943.  That makes me a war baby who is now 53 years old.
I guess that puts us a decade apart?  Some time early in my life, I
realized that, for me at least, the only interesting women was an
intelligent women.  I marries accordingly and I fundamentally believe
that that is a major factor for why I have remained very happily married
for twenty three years.  I sincerely wish the same for you! 

I have two daughters.  The oldest is twenty.  She was a straight A student
in high school and earned several major scholarships.  She is now a
senior in college and seems to be having the time of her life.  I also
have a fifteen year old tomboy ... five foot three inches of solid muscle
who is oblivious to how beautiful she is.  And smart too!

Last January, I returned to graduate school at the University of
Tennessee to earn my M.S. in computer science.  It is quite weird (I
cannot think of a better word) to be back in school after two plus
decades.  I am glad to hear that you are also taking graduate courses.
Keeping your mind fresh and challenged is very important.  I hope you
will share some of your writings with me.

So, how do I know we are "poles apart"??  Well, in truth, I do not.
But after I read your poem, a bit of snooping on the information super
highway gave me the opportunity to read what others have said about you.
The Readers Digest articles I took with a grain of salt.  At least you
were smiling in your photo!  As a professional photographer, I have
always wondered why "wanted" photos are always of such poor quality.

The Nation article was a different matter.  I have strong views about
swift, sure, and fair trials with swift, sure, and fair punishment for
the guilty.  I also firmly believe in justice tempered with mercy.  Your
excessively long sentence and the inhuman conditions of your solitary
and small group confinement are not acceptable to my vision of law and
order in America.

Conversely, I trust that you will excuse me if I skip celebrating
May 19th.  Uncle Ho is not a favorite!

But that was all so long ago.  Twelve years in prison may have changed
and affected you in ways that I will never fully comprehend,

You did write, "... damage deep in."  





As for my politics:  At this point in my life, I am a moderate to
conservative republican.  I detest the Christian right.  I am pro-choice.
Yes, I am pro death penalty.  Is Mumia guilty?  I accept the jury's
decision.  Was OJ guilty?  The jury spoke (but!).  I wish to significantly
reduce the size of the federal government.  I demand a major overhaul
of welfare.  I support the Second Amendment.  And I am very tired of the
left wing liberal press. 

If I have to crawl out of my death bed, I will vote for Bob Dole.  And
who would you vote for?

Now that you have had a glimce of Bill Deane, you will be able to answer
the "poles apart" question and tell me!

When are you eligble for parole???

I enjoyed hearing from you.  You seem like an interesting person...


Sincerely yours,


