                                                       Thanksgiving, 1996



Dear Susan,

Autumn lingered in Tennessee.  Usually by halloween the leaves are down and there is
frost on the pumpkin.  However, instead of cold and snow, we have had warmth and
thunderstorms.  Last week, on one very fine day, we had a record high of 79 degrees and
everybody was wearing shorts and tee-shirts.  But now the last of the leaves have fallen
and I keep telling myself that raking is a fine form of exercise.  

Well, it was a very boring election.  I am appalled at the prospect of four more years
of Clinton.  The Republicans gain two seats in the Senate and lost eight in the House.
I do expect not much to happen in Congress over the next two years.  At best, the much
needed campaign finance reforms will be given lip service.  I noticed that Sen. Fred
Thompson (R, Tenn) may be in charge of the Senate committee responsible for considering
such reforms.  He is an interesting fellow.  He might just demand that real reforms
be passed.  Labor spent a fortune on the election and swayed very few election outcomes
(40% of labor voted Republican).  Fortunately, the Christian Right did very poorly.  My
sister lives in Washington (state).  She is a hard core Republican, yet, she refused to
vote for the Republican candidate who was Christian Right.  The NRA had a 84% success
rate.  So they remain the most effective lobby group (is there a message here?).

So you are not a Republican!  I kind of suspected that!  You very sincerely have my total
empathy about your "world views" and "social construct" being in "tatters".  However, I
kind of suspect that you still, and always will, hold a very strong socialistic viewpoint.
I hope that you believe me when I say that I do not condemn you for your past and present
social politics.  While I despise socialism and communism, I could never despise you as a
person simply because you have advocated a political ideology far different than mine.
Indeed, I strongly support your right to have, hold, and exercise any political view you
wish.  There are horrible inequities in the human race and they will not be cured by
rigidly adhering to a single doctrine.  Besides, in my younger days, I once held rather
strong liberal views on many matters.  And I like people who are not afraid to act and
speak their mind. 

So tell me, how did you become a communist/socialist/liberal/whateveryouwere?  College?? 

Do you think I can turn you into a moderate Republican??

Yes, I am a middle age guy who has gone back to school.  And yes, it does seem like a
scary proposition!  Actually, I am far too young to consider myself "middle age.  And
I damn well do not ever plan to act middle age!  In one of my computer science classes,
my programming partner is Kimberley, who is only 22 years old.  I really enjoy the time
we spend togther.  She is very brilliant, so pleasant to be around, and is cute as a
button.  And she seems just like a child to me.  It is amazing to listen to her and
her girlfriends.  For example, they cannot get dates (far too many immature males in
computer science who have yet to discover the female half of the human race).

It is interesting to watch the ebb and flow of campus life as it swirls around me.  I
have a 3.75 GPA, but this semester is killing me.  I am hoping for B's rather than
expecting A's.  I have a teaching assistantship and I teach cs100.  This is brand new
course that was first offered last spring.  It is designed to teach people how to use
computers as a routine matter in their daily life.  I have always enjoyed teaching. 
  
I looked up Antioch College on the Net.  Are we an extremely liberal college or are we
an extremely liberal college!  (He said, tongue in cheek.)  When will you find out if
you are accepted??  And if you are already accepted, when do you start??  Susan, you
will do very well in graduate school!  I have total faith in you!  It will be
interesting and exciting and challenging.  As you said in your first letter, the
world is being transformed, and going back to school will involve you in that
transformation.  Using your brain is the most important thing you can do to stay
forever young.  And at 40, you are young!





Of course, you need to take care of your body too.  I am currently fighting the battle
of the midrift bulge.  I weighed 177 pounds this morning (I am 5'10"), which means I
have gained 4 pounds in the past month.  And it all goes to my stomach.  I really
need to get back to 163 pounds, but don't hold your breath.  With finals coming up in
a couple of weeks, I am probably doomed to gaining a couple more pounds... 

I do wish to again ask about your prospects for parole?  Okay, I respect this as a
sensitive area and I promised to be sensitive.  However, I would like to fully
understand where you are in your life and what the future can hold for you.  As an
optimist, I refuse to believe that the future is set in stone.

As you have observed, the Great Smoky Mountains are very beautiful and, if you
desire to see them, I promise to give you a tour. 

Is there anything I can do for you, besides just send some pretty postcards?? 

Your friend, 


  

Bill
