                                                January 28, 1997



Dear Susan,
 
School has started up, but I am having trouble settling down and studying.
I am taking neural networks and digital imaging.  Both courses have
proven to be very interesting.  It should be a fun semester.  Oh, I
got all B's last semester.
 
You wrote, "If I had it to do over (which I don't)..."  In a sense, that 
is not quite correct.  Once you are paroled, the whole world is yours to
do over.  Forget the past.  Start new.  I would urge you to apply for
parole immediately!  You have nothing to lose and everything to gain
(like your life back!).  In fact, I am stunned you did not apply the
first second you could.  Is there some aspect of this that I am missing
or don't get??  Are you afraid you won't get paroled??  Is everybody
turned down the first time??  I will be happy to write a letter to the
parole board in your support and I can write a very persuasive letter.
Simply tell me to whom and when. 

You said Tom, your codefendant received parole.  Boyfriend? 
 
Like you, I actually have little interest in debating politics.  I am
far more interested in learning about Susan the human being.  However,
I cannot help but inclosed a tome written by Thomas Sowell.

And in all fairness, I should tell you more about myself.  Last week,
I showed slides to a group of friends about a trip to Mexico I made
thirty years ago.  I had also written an article about this same trip.
So, I have enclosed a xerox copy.

And on the more serious side from my childhood...

On the first anniversary of the fall of Dien Bien Phu, communist
guerrillas came into our compound in Cavite, Philippines.  It was not
a "social" visit.  There were only women and children in the compound.
All of the men had been called to the base.  Many years later, I would
learn that they were planning a major bombing raid against Hanoi that
day, but it was never carried out.  My mother had also gone to the base
and was trapped there.

I was eleven years old.  I am alive now because I armed myself with a
rifle and because Mary armed herself with a .45.

So I should tell you about Mary.  After the Japanese over ran the
Philippines, Mary's parents joined and fought with the underground.  The
entire family was captured by the Japs.  Mary, who was sixteen at the
time, was forced to watch as her parents and brother were tortured to
death.  After which Mary was handed to the troops and was she raped
several hundred times over a period of several months.  Then, the
Japanese made a very big mistake, they turned Mary loose.  Quite insane,
she rejoined the underground.  She became very adapt at capturing Japanese
soldiers, emasculating them, and turning them loose.  And we are talking
about hundreds of soldiers.  Even then in 1955, ten years after the war,
Mary was still a figure of both respect and fear.  My mother had very
carefully cultivated Mary's friendship.  

I really remember very little about the events in the compound.  I
remember the stunned look of terror on the guerrilla chief's face when he
discovered that I was armed, even though he was carrying a Thompson
submachine gun.  I remember Mary charging the guerrillas by the front
gate, screaming like a banshee, waving her pistol.  I remember being
barricated alone in the guard tower for hours, wondering who was dead,
who was alive, where Mary was?  Then Mary appeared far down the beach.
When she entered the gate, she did not look up at me, but she said in
a strong voice, "Don't ever let them push you around."  She walked onto
her hut, like nothing had happened.  I instictively knew that she had
hunted down and killed the fleeing guerrillas.  No one in the compound
was hurt. 

My father did not return from the base until the next day.  When he found
out what had happened, he was livid!  Even now, 42 years later, I still
very clearly remember, standing before him and saying, "I am afraid that
communism, throught its brute use of force will enslave the world."

He responded immediately and again I very clearly remember his exact
words, "Oh no!  You will live to see communism fail in your lifetime.
The greatest threat to America is not external but internal.  Pie-in-
the-sky utopian visionaries will destroy the Constitution one word at
a time."

Interestly, it was the words, not the events, that became permanently
seared in my memory.  (Of course, at age eleven, I had no idea what
"pie-in-the-sky utopian visionaries" were!)

In truth, the rest of my childhood was fairly normal.  Our childhoods
had to be very different from each other.  If you were a red baby, I
guess you could call me a red, white, and blue baby.

Please apply for parole.

Bill 






PS. Thanks for the picture!!  It is nice to have a face to go with the
words.  Oddly, I do not have a recent picture of me ... like any time
this decade!  I'll try to have somebody take one. 
