                                                March 11, 1997


Dear Susan,

Mother Nature has decided that it is time for spring to arrive in
Tennessee.  And that is fine with me!  March truely came in like a Lion!
On March 1st, the temperature in Knoxville was 81 degrees.  This was
about 25 degrees above normal and it set the stage for heavy monsoon-
like rains and flooding.  Wildflowers are blooming every where.  They
have planted thousands of Bradford flowering pear and sarvis berry trees
all over town.  These trees are covered with tens of thousands of white
blossoms.  As you glance around the landscape, it looks like white
clouds are lying low over the land.  After a few days, the petals drop.
The ground becomes covered with the white petals.  It looks like it
has snowed and you can scoop up the petals by the hand full.

I have enclosed some petals from the tulip magnolia blooming outside of
my office.  I don't know how well they will survive the U.S. mail, but
they are a lovely lavender color and have a peculiar astringent fragrance.

I also found a photograph of myself holding up a tee-shirt my youngest
daughter gave me.  (Who turned 16 today.  I am far too young to have
children this old.  And when is your birthday??))

Last Friday, I bought five tickets to the U2 concert in Atlanta on
November 26th.  They cost $298.00!!  The four of us, plus my oldest
daughter's boyfriend are going.  And several of their friends also
managed to get tickets.  Our seats are in row 31, which is fairly close
to the stage.  All umpteen thousand tickets sold out in an hour or so.

Do you listen much to music?  Do you have a cassette or cd player?  I
like to listen, but I really pay very little attention to who sings
what.  Tennessee is synonymous with country and western music, but I
never listen to it.  I do like folk songs, which in the mountains is
called old time music.

Yes, you are completely right, I did not give you enough background for
my childhood meeting with the Huks.  My father was career Navy.  He
joined a year or two before WWII broke out.  The carrier he was on was
torpedoed in the spring(?) of 1943(?), but the ship did not sink.  After
they had successfully limped back to Long Beach, California, he was sent to
officer candidate school in Clinton, Oklahoma, where I was born.  We lived
there for six months.  I have passed back throught the town twice as a
matter of curiosity.  If you blink, you will miss it.

A decade later, in early spring of 1954, my father was sent to the
Philippines to Sangley Point Naval Air Station.  The rest of us (my
mother, my kid sister Donna, and me) left San Francisco aboard the USNS
Bennett, a transport ship in May, 1954.  We were at sea for 33 days.  This
was a bit longer than normal, because we were diverted to rendezvous with
a Navy tanker ship south of the equator to rescue a crew member who was
extremely ill.

I enjoyed the experience.  Each day the sea was different.

There were a few hundred family members on board.  There also was a major
with his wife and daughter.  I do not remember their names, but the
daughter was my age and became an instant playmate.  We all were assigned
to the same dinner table (tables were assigned by rank and hence how
close you were to the Captains table).  I mention the major because he
said that he was being sent to Laos as the first U.S. Army military
advisor ever assigned to that country.  I remember that he said that
President Eisenhower had ordered 13 military advisors to the Vietnam
area because of the fall of Dien Bien Phu.  The major was the first of
the 13.  I have always assumed that I was a eye witness to the very
beginning of the U.S. military involvement in Southeast Asia.

There was not enough housing on the base, so we lived in the city of
Cavite.  For safety, most U.S. military families lived in what were
called "compounds".  Walled and barbed wired enclosed areas with several
houses.  Our compound was the only one to receive attention from the Huks.
As I mentioned, it occurred on the first anniversary of the fall of Dien
Bien Phu.  If anybody had used two cents worth of common sense, security
would have been beefed up.

No, I did not give you the subscription to the Geographic.  I guess you 
more friends that care about you than you realize!

I lived for a year in Turkey, 1968-69, and I remember reading some poems
by Nazim Hikmet.  I was told that many of his poems did not necessarily
translate well into English.  The time is long over due for you to have
more than a four foot wall to stare at...

I have two points to make about getting you paroled.

You need a very good lawyer to represent and help you.  I make a special
point of saying this, because if you had had a good lawyer a dozen years
ago, you would have only spent 3-5 years in prison.  Is your family
supportive??  Can they financially help you get a very good lawyer??

Alright, I admit that if anybody is a political prisoner it is you.  But
please trust me when I say that there is no greater turn off to the
American public than someone claiming to be a political prisoner.  I
very sincerely beg of you to stop making any and all claims, what so ever
in the least, about being a political prisoner.  Have your friends remove
the poem for Mumia and the article about Marianna from the internet.  Tell
your friends and associates to stop refering to you as a political
prisoner and to not list you as such.   
 
I am not asking you to give up your principals and beliefs, I am asking
you to be realistic.  Your involvement in politics has truely been over
for a dozen years.  Yet, there is still so much that you can do with your
life once you get out! 

I will still help you get paroled, regardless...


Your friend,


