
                                                   May 6, 1997


Dear Susan,

Each spring, I forget how many different varieties of green there are
in nature.  Spring is just as colorful as autumn ... actually, far
more colorful once you consider all of the flowers in bloom.  During my
neural networks class, it was mentioned that the ancient Greeks did not
have a word for green.  They would use combinations of colors, such as
yellow blue to describe green things.  I could not help but think of
Homer refering in the Odyssey to the "wine dark sea".  I spent a year at
a satellite tracking station in Turkey in 1968-9.  After I had been there
for seven months, I spent 28 days touring Europe, including two days in
Athens and five days out in the Greek islands.  Aesthetically, the Greek
island were fantastic.  As we sailed across the Aegian Sea, I keep looking
for this wine dark color.  Well, guess what?  The Aegian is a normal blue
green ocean color.  At the time, I assumed that Homer was being poetic,
or was using a metaphor any ancient Greek sailor would understand, or
drank blue green wine.  Hummm, maybe he just needed the word "green"??  

So why were we talking about green in a computer course?  How do you
teach a computer to recognize green??  Susan has a green thumb.  Susan
turned green after eating an oyster.  Susan was green with envy.  Susan's
golf ball landed on the green.  Because of metaphors and similies, even a
simple concept, such as color, is a major programming challenge.

I presume you have applied for parole??  Or will very soon!!  Are you
staying in contact with your lawyer friend??  When is your hearing??
I promise to push you on this as best I can.

Fred Thompson is not recommending anybody for parole.  Pure politics,
of course, it has nothing to do with you.  Fred is running for President.
So, he is hard on crime, etc.

I have enclosed a picture I took of Comet Hale-Bopp from 6000 feet in the
Great Smoky Mountains on a very rare clear night (these are mountains
famous for a natural blue haze and clouds).  The lights in the foreground
are Knoxville and are about thirty air miles away.

I presume you are taking a class??  You really have not said much about
school in your letters.

I am buried alive with the end of the semester blues.  I finished my
last computer project yesterday.  And it worked perfectly!  The class is
having a very large failure rate on this particular project and I need
the points.  Every thing will wrap up by may 12th.

You should have received three packages of magazines.

Yes, I still cave and when things calm down will tell you about it.  Do
you have access to a VCR???

Your franzled friend,
